VERSION INFO

The program version format is major.minor.build, like 1.20.5.
	Major: 0 for preview versions before the first normal version. Else 1.
	Minor: changed when added some significant features.
	Build: changed when fixed bugs between minor versions. Also may have some new features.

To update version info of dll files (Au, Au.Editor, Au.Controls):
	Open global.cs and edit AssemblyVersion attribute. Single global.cs is used by all these projects.
	It's important to update Au version info whenever something changed in Au or its dependencies (AuCpp etc).
	Also may need to update year in AssemblyCopyright attribute (it's displayed in About info).
To update version info of the setup file:
	Open the .iss file in Inno Script Studio and edit MyAppVersion.
Also in index.md update version, date, filesize and used .NET version info. It is part of the help website.
Also may need to update year in LICENSE.txt.

All significant changes of that version must be documented in Other/DocFX/_doc/changes/vMajor.Minor.md. Do it whenever making changes.


HOW TO RELEASE A NEW VERSION

Review all TODO. Occasionally review SHOULDDO and FUTURE.

May need to test something. Eg some changes could break some main features.
	Also test new and some main features on other OS.

May need to undefine TRACE in some projects. Usually not using TRACE in Release config, but sometimes may use it to test Release speed etc.

May need to delete test code. Or use #if TRACE, like in Tests.cs.
	Review perf.nw, perf.write, perf.local.

Change version info (see above).

Build solution in config Release/AnyCPU. Build in config Release/x86.

Review menu Help -> About. May need to update used libraries, beta.

Run the DocFX script just to catch XML documentation errors and test how it works with current C# and .NET versions etc.
	Don't upload. Fix errors if need. More info in DocFX.cs.
	Review the generated local help. Eg DocFX doesn't work well with <inheritdoc>.

Build solution if needed to edit in above steps.

May need to update some info in README.md for github. Eg the screenshot and "how to build".

Open the .iss file in Inno Script Studio. Review, compile.
	Run the setup file to test. Test on other OS too. Occasionally uninstall/install, not just upgrade.
	May need to update the setup file size in the download webpage (index.md).

Upload the setup file. For example with FileZilla.
	May want to backup the old setup file at first.

Run the DocFX script. Let it upload.

Github commit all and push. The message could be like v1.2.3.

Review the web pages. Github too.

Download and test the setup file.
	Occasionally test it on all OS. Observe SmartScreen/antivirus behavior.

Occasionally test the setup file at virustotal.com. And separately other exe files.

Announce in forum.

If not beta, occasionally may want to review/update in some download websites.


UPDATING .NET

Install new .NET version.

Update .NET version in all C# project files.

Update .NET version in the C++ AppHost project. Build.
	Note the .NET 6 bug workaround comment there.

Build solution.

Run EdDatabases.CreateRefAndDoc. Currently I do it from Tests.cs.

Build/run the editor.

Update .NET version in Setup32 project function Cpp_NeedDotnet and in the .iss file.

Consider: Update .NET version in DNuget.cs in several places. Maybe later.

Maybe more, don't remember.
